Qurat ul ain Zahid


 KNOWLEDGE OF
Conducting research

Data mining
Computer Vision
Report writing
Communication skills
Networking
Software Engineering
MS Office ,C#,C Java basics,Sql


PERSONAL SKILLS

Quick learner
Analytical
Dependable Attention
to detail
Motivated &
enthusiastic Strong work
ethic Articulate
Smart appearance
Taking the initiative

CAREER OBJECTIVE
A well presented well all round performers who when given a task,
have the ability to work quickly and efficiently without asking too many questions.
Qurat ul ain has a proactive attitude and a strong work ethic,
she is sure to be able to make a real contribution to the day-to-day operations of any position.
She possesses many transferable skills that can be used in a wide section of settings and industries.
She is now looking for a suitable position as a internee with an organization that can offer her
a uniquely varied and fascinating working environment.

ACADEMIC QUALIFICATIONS

BBSULK 2013 - 2017 BSCS CS Studies Pass
AMIMSAT 2010 - 2012 DAE DAE (C.I.T) Pass
AMIMSAT 2009 – 2010 Matriculation Pass

SKILLS AQUIRED WHILST STUDYING

 Able to develop and maintain good relationships with work colleagues & supervisors/managers. 
 Being a positive role model for younger staff.  
 Ability to produce consistently accurate work even whilst under pressure. 
 Willingness to learn new things.  
 Effective time management skills & able to priorities tasks in order of importance.  
 Giving guidance to junior staff and constructive feedback to superiors. 
 Willingness to share skills, knowledge, and expertise.  
 Going the extra mile to make a difference, having the drive to lead and succeed.  
KEY COMPETENCIES 
 Bringing good ideas to life.  
 Clear and informative written and verbal communication skills. and also Ability to work quickly
and efficiently with little supervision. 
 Being alert to what is going on in an organization. SELECTED ACHIVIEVEMENTS 
 SAP   ABAP Certification
 English language Certification
 Software engineering Certification
 Debate Competition Certificate 


PERSONAL DETAILS

Qurat ul ain Zahid
H  # 506 KKB-3 Tasir Gadap Town Karachi
T: 021-32468868
M: 0315-2078934 quratulainzahid93@gmail.c om
REFERENCES – Available on request.